.TH RAILGUN 1 "June 2026" "railgun 0.1.0" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
railgun \- scaffold DDD projects and integrations
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B railgun
[\fBinit\fR]
.br
.B railgun add context
\fIName\fR
.br
.B railgun add
\fIci|docker|docker-ci|environment|express|npm|renovate\fR
.br
.B railgun sync
\fIagents|skills\fR
.br
.B railgun help\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B railgun
initializes TypeScript DDD projects using @haskou/ddd-kernel, @haskou/value-objects and @haskou/eslint-config, and can add generated contexts and common integrations.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B init
Ask Linux-style questions with defaults and create a project skeleton in the current directory.
.TP
.B add context Name
Create a DDD context with aggregate root, id value object, repository, domain service, use cases, dummy repository and ObjectMother tests.
.TP
.B add ci
Add GitHub Actions CI and npm publishing workflow, plus README badges.
.TP
.B add docker
Add Dockerfile and docker-compose.yml.
.TP
.B add docker-ci
Add GitHub Actions Docker build workflow and README badge.
.TP
.B add environment
Add kernel environment files under src/shared/infrastructure/environment and default .env files.
.TP
.B add express
Add Express support, a health route and ExpressKernelServer bootstrap.
.TP
.B add npm
Add GitHub Actions npm CI/publishing workflow and README badges.
.TP
.B add renovate
Add Renovate config and README badge.
.TP
.B sync agents
Download AGENTS.md from https://github.com/haskou/ddd-engineer-skills.git.
.TP
.B sync skills
Download DDD skills from https://github.com/haskou/ddd-engineer-skills.git into .agents/skills.
.TP
.B help
Show command help.
